Rewrite of developing task section in Gradle User Manual -> Authoring Gradle Builds (#27600)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/userguide/authoring-builds/tasks/worker_api.adoc

// limitations under the License.

[[tasks_parallel_worker]]
= Developing Parallel Tasks

Gradle provides an API that can split tasks into sections that can be executed in parallel.

> image::writing-tasks-5.png[]

Reviewer: ❗ I don't think this diagram is clear.  I think the difference in time is not immediately obvious, and instead of repeating "Task 7" it should say "Task 7" and also "Task 7 - Work 1", "Task 7 - Work 2" etc.

<2> Add a _configuration_ to resolve our codec library version.
<3> Configure an alternate, compatible version of https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-codec/[Apache Commons Codec].
<4> Configure the `md5` task to use the configuration as its classpath.
Note that the configuration will not be resolved until the task is executed.

Now, if you run your task, it should work as expected using the configured version of the codec library:

[listing]
----
$ gradle clean md5

include::{snippetsPath}/workerApi/md5ClassloaderIsolation/tests/md5Task1.out[]
----

=== Step 4. Create a Worker Daemon

> Sometimes, it is desirable to create even further isolation when executing items of work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, it is desirable to utilize even greater levels of isolation when executing items of work.
```
